Job Listing:

Senior Minecraft Design System Engineer
Stockholm

At Mojang, we create games, products and services to inspire creativity. We develop games with a strong community focus and put players first 
in everything we do. Our games are built for everyone, because we believe in demonstrating equality and not just talking about it.

As a Minecraft Design System Engineer at Mojang, you will be part of our Core UI team, a cross-disciplinary group within Mojang. Core UI 
have the mission to build a design system which will enable a recognizable, engaging and coherent user experience across the Minecraft 
ecosystem.

To achieve this mission we are leveraging open standards from the web and open source libraries such as React, on a scale that hasn’t been 
done before in the gaming industry. There are a lot of challenges; such as performance, dynamic UI scaling, gamepad interactions, 
sound effects, accessibility, and platforms to support (Minecraft runs on Android, iOS, Xbox and Switch for example) that are not the usual 
run-of-the-mill web development. 

You will have a great impact building the tools and libraries that are going to move the gaming industry from custom, in-house UI frameworks 
to a solution based on open-standards. We expect to be contributing to the community with open-source projects that are going to help content 
creators and other peers in our industry to join this revolution.

This is a great opportunity for someone who wants to liaise with developers, designers, producers, and artists to implement new components of 
the design system and thereby, create new experiences for Minecraft! 

To help us overcome these challenges, you need 

Broad experience, with a depth in front-end development
Experience building a design system/component library
Proven experience architecting and developing rich client applications
Proficiency with React or similar (e.g. vue.js)
To succeed in this role we see that you collaborate well, always have the organization’s best interest in mind and are comfortable making 
decisions. We see that you are a great communicator, since you will support and onboard other developers, give constructive feedback and 
present the teams work to other teams on a regular basis. For this position, it is crucial that you can combine a holistic view with an 
analytical mindset, meaning breaking the code down to its details and how it will affect the user experience. 

Do you want to be a part of breaking new grounds in the gaming industry? Then we would love to talk to you! 

Studio location: Stockholm
Reports to: Tech Lead
Employment type: Fulltime

Mojang is a Microsoft-owned game developer studio based in Stockholm, Sweden. We are best known as the creators of Minecraft, and are 
currently working on several new games, a movie, a board game, and lots more – all within the Minecraft franchise.

To help us create amazing things, we have built an equally amazing studio space. Situated right on the water by Söder Mälarstrand, it’s 
filled to the brim with all the tools, toys and inspiration required to create world-class entertainment. But of course, the people of Mojang 
are what makes this place truly special. When you join, you’ll find yourself in the company of incredibly bright, warm, and creative 
individuals – all united and working toward a single goal. Come help us achieve it!

Mojang strives to be a diverse and inclusive studio and if you think this job sounds like your passion, you are more than welcome to apply, 
no matter who you are or where you are from.